# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 60ms
  [gap of 14ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 74ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 56ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 58ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 60ms]
    create-X86_64-model 13ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 78ms
  [gap of 14ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 93ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 59ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 62ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 53ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 55ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    [gap of 41ms]
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-variant-model 10ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 12ms
    [gap of 19ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 116ms
  [gap of 24ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 141ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 17ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 10ms
    [gap of 21ms]
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 31ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 97ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 102ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 74ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 77ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 78ms
  [gap of 16ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 94ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 40ms]
    create-module-model 30ms
    [gap of 31ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 101ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 105ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 27ms]
    create-X86_64-model 12ms
    [gap of 32ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 71ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 74ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 64ms
  [gap of 13ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 77ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 16ms
    [gap of 39ms]
    create-module-model 14ms
    [gap of 29ms]
    create-X86_64-model 35ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 134ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 145ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 58ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 61ms

